September 20th 2018
  Meeting with Stewart-Mailhiot, Amy the head of library to discuss about the project.
  She was interested in making a Institutional Repository for the University. She had D-Space and Islondora in mind.
  Concluded the meeting with providing more infromation on these two open source software.

September 24th 2018
  Held the meeting in class at 1100 AM and divided group in 2 subgroup.
  Ahemed & Raj - Dspace
  Augustine & Ted - Islondora
  
October 2nd 2018
  Held a group meeting in calss at 1100 AM and discussed about the finding of the softwares
  its software requirements, storage and file types
  Also got a word from Dr Mario that he can arange some space in AWS so we can do some kind of Demonstration(Approx. $100 worth space)

October 8th 2018
  Emailed reminder to the group for the next meeting.
  Reminder:
We are meeting tomorrow(i.eTuesday 9th of Oct) in class at 11:00.
Please respond to this email if you won’t be able to make to the meeting for some reason.

Sincerely,
Raj Bhetwal

October 9th 2018
  Regie working on creating AWS account.
  Me and Ted emailed Dspace and Islondra respectively to gather more information on the system. Below is the email that we sent to the support group
  
  My name is Theodore Ryan and member of team of students from Saint Martin's University that is working on senior project that is doing a product comparison for a report for our school library to build a repository.
  Some question are:

  What is the size of resources to maintain sand operate a Islandora system? Server space/ software/
 What is the overall cost? Monthly? or yearly?
 Security issues that need to be addressed?
 Does it need separate user inaction system?

  These just dome that I am looking at. IF there is way to do a phone meeting would be great for my team.

Any help would be greatly appreciated. You can contact me Tryan@stmartin.edu or 253-677-9665(cell). CC is our team leader Raj Bhetwal.

Thank you for your time
Respectfully


My name is Raj and member of team of students from Saint Martin's University that is working on senior project that is doing a product comparison for a report for our school library to build a repository.
  Some question are:

  What is the size of resources to maintain sand operate a DSpace system? Server space/ software/
 What is the overall cost? Monthly? or yearly?
 Security issues that need to be addressed?
 Does it need separate user inaction system?

  These just dome that I am looking at. IF there is way to do a phone meeting would be great for my team.

Any help would be greatly appreciated. You can contact me raj.bhetwal@stmartin.edu or 502-4724104(cell). CC is our Assistant team leader Theodore Ryan.

Thank you for your time
Respectfully​
 Raj Bhetwal
 
 
 October 25th 
 Did presentation on what we have already accomplished and what are the problems need to be solved in order to complete the project.
 Emailed Amy to set up a meeting with her to show the comparision betweeen two product.
 
 To:
Stewart-Mailhiot, Amy;
Cc:
Ryan, Theodore T.;
Grant, Regenal;
Maddox, Augustine;
Nelson, Harold L.;

Amy,
We have put together a  comparison between  Dspace and Islandora. We would like to show it to you, is there a open time for a meeting.
Tuesday or Thursday 11:00 AM would be the best time if you have some open slots

Thank You
Raj

got reply back on 10/31/2018

Raj,
I am so sorry! As soon as this popped up I realized I had not responded to your earlier email. If you are still interested in meeting on Thursday, the 11am time slot works.
Thanks,
Amy


November 1st 
We presented a Presentation of our research to our client Amy, We included the difference between two open software, its advantages and disadvantages and
cost. This presentation was meant to help her decide which software she wants to go with. After the presentation she was more interested 
on ISLANDORA.

November 6th 
We held a meeting in class on the 6th and discussed what our next step and assigned every one a task.
Ted- Contact Vendors
Augustine - Setup a ISLANDORA on AWS
Raj- Research Data structure of ISLANDORA
Rege- research on the alternative method(---)

November 13th
We held a meeting in class on the 13 and discussed the problem Augustine encounterd while setting up the system on AWS. Helped him with what 
we could.

November 27th
Held meeting in class again. Discussed what we have done and what are thing needed to be done. Also we decided to fix a meeting with our client 
on the 6th of december. we are hoping this meeting would help her to decide wether to use a vendor or utilize the campus student to built the 
system.

I emailed Amy below is what I included in my Email.
Hi Amy,
This is Raj again.
We would like to meet you and show what we have till now on the 6th Dec if you don’t have anything schedule. 
As always 11:00 would be the great time slot…

Thank you
Raj


